Require host name consistency (#868)
zalando/restful-api-guidelines: chapters/hyper-media.adoc

non-absolute URI is reduction of the payload size, which is better achievable
by following the recommendation to use <<156,gzip compression>>

> If the linked resource belongs to the same API, the link should use the same scheme + host + port combination as the original request URI. (This only comes into play when the API is available at e.g. multiple host names.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the linked resource belongs to the same [API](https://opensource.zalando.com/restful-api-guidelines/#terminology) i.e. running service, the link should use the same scheme + host + port combination as the original request URI. (This only comes into play when the API is available at e.g. multiple host names.)
```

> *Motivation:* This avoids cases where authorization is configured for one host

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Motivation:* This avoids inconsistent client experience situations, for instance, where authorization is configured for one host
```
